youth
Don't worry, I'll be out soon.
You want to come out after being popular and hurting people
You used my detention center as a vegetable market
I'll rest assured on the spot.
Let's go in again.
There is no good fruit to eat and take away.
Open the door
Get in
Hahaha so hungry dog
It seems that you really don't cry without seeing the coffin
That's it.
Or else
Did you know that your life will be ruined today?
God what did you say
You are going to destroy me
Yes I'm going to destroy you to pieces
Eternal Doom
Hahahaha
Ha really made me laugh
What are you capable of catching the ball alone?
You want to know what energy I have?
Think about it, take out your energy and see
If so
I have a hard row in my pocket
Take it out and take a good look.
You have a sign in your pocket.
You don't want to say you are a delegate, do you?